OADP 3524 - Updated post-restore script (#74027)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-creating-restore-cr.adoc

----
<1> Namespace that you backed up.

> . If you restore volumes by using `DeploymentConfig` objects or if you use post-restore hooks, run the `dc-restic-post-restore.sh` cleanup script by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you restore  `DeploymentConfig` with volumes or if you use post-restore hooks, run the `dc-post-restore.sh` cleanup script by entering the following command:
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> During the restore process, the OADP Velero plug-ins scale down the `DeploymentConfig` objects and restore the pods as standalone pods. This is done to prevent the cluster from deleting the restored `DeploymentConfig` pods immediately on restore and to allow the file system backup and post-restore hooks to complete their actions on the restored pods. The cleanup script shown below removes these disconnected pods and scales any `DeploymentConfig` objects back up to the appropriate number of replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the restore process, the OADP Velero plug-ins scale down the `DeploymentConfig` objects and restore the pods as standalone pods. This is done to prevent the cluster from deleting the restored `DeploymentConfig` pods immediately on restore and to allow the restore and post-restore hooks to complete their actions on the restored pods. The cleanup script shown below removes these disconnected pods and scales any `DeploymentConfig` objects back up to the appropriate number of replicas.
```
